Quickstart template (#232)
thegooddocsproject/templates: quickstarts/about-quickstarts.md

> # Quickstart Guide

Reviewer: I see this has the filename "about-quickstart". I suggest change to "quickstart-guide" in line with our guideance at https://github.com/thegooddocsproject/templates/blob/dev/template-deliverables.md#template-guide. (Or lobby to change the guideance.)

Author: Fixed

> {Read this document before you start working on the [quickstart template](template-quickstarts.md)}

Reviewer: Nitpick:
```suggestion
{Read this document before you start working on the [quickstart template](template-quickstarts.md).}
```

Reviewer: I see that github makes use of emojis, which I think would be a good way to handle call outs for our current {comments}.
Maybe use something like [these emoji suggestions](https://gist.github.com/rxaviers/7360908#gistcomment-3398183)
meaning | emoji | text
-- | -- | --
info | ℹ️ | `:information_source:`
note | 📝 | `:memo:`
warning | ⚠️ | `:warning:`
tip | 💡 | `:bulb:`
pro | ➕ | `:heavy_plus_sign:`
con | ➖ | `:heavy_minus_sign:`
error | ❌ | `:x:`
correct | ✔️ | `:heavy_check_mark:`
question | ❓ | `:question:`
resolved question | ❔ | `:grey_question:`
wip | 🚧 | `:construction:`
careful | 👀 | `:eyes:`

Author: We have used info and note emojis for both the guide and the template. Example

:information_source: Read this document before you start working on the [quickstart template](template-quickstarts.md)

:memo:
For additional tips on writing steps, see [Writing Procedural Steps](writing-tips.md#writing-procedural-steps) from **The Good Docs Project**.

## Introduction

> The quickstart is intended for introducing your users to your product or framework for the first time. 

Reviewer: Suggestion:
* At this first sentence level, I err on just referencing "product" and not reference "the framework", as it is introducing another concept which I don't think is critical at this point.
```suggestion
A quickstart introduces your users to your product for the first time. 
```

Author: Fixed

> It focuses on the **hero feature** of the product and helps your users to start using the product as quickly as possible.

Reviewer 2: I'm unfamiliar with the term "hero feature." Could you explain what it means? Is it essentially the main feature of the product?

Reviewer 2: Nevermind, I answered my own question as I reread the template. ~I might suggest using "main" here and putting hero in parentheses (the same way you did in the Tips section).~

ETA: In thinking about it, I might suggest just using "main" instead of hero throughout the template (especially if they mean the same thing).

Reviewer: I picked up the term "hero description" from the term "hero sentence" which I've heard in newspaper writing circles, typically in conjunction with looking for a "hook" to draw readers in. I think "hero" is more specific in meaning than "main". Can someone think of a more specific term than "main"?

Replying to @deanna-cs : While I'm personally attached to the word "hero", I'm okay to back down on this if others feel that the term won't be recognized. I note also that Tom Johnson was confused by the "hero" term.

For context: https://github.com/thegooddocsproject/templates/blob/dev/base/base-guide.md#hero-description

Author: We have replaced the word Hero with Primary.

> A good quickstart answers the following questions:

Reviewer 2: This list of questions is a great addition to the quickstart guide. I can see teams using these questions to guide development of their own quickstart tutorial. Knowing where to start with a quickstart can be difficult!

I might suggest reorganizing this section a little. Some bullet points are longer than others. Maybe the top level bullet could be the question ("Where can I find the product?") and you can add the explanation as a nested bullet.

Reviewer: I think there are some logical groupings for this list.

* Scope:
  * What is the core purpose of this application?
  * What is the minimal use case which is covered by this quickstart?
* Install (if applicable):
  * How do I download, install, and configure the application?
  * How do I install and configure the application?
  * How can I get any required access keys or authentication credentials?
* Do something:
   * How can I run a simple workflow for a core feature or common use case.
* Next steps:
  * What other features are available to explore in the product?
* Help:
  * What should I do if something does not work?
    * This will typically link to troubleshooting guide or any support forum.

Reviewer: Note:
* I don't think the "Help" section belongs within the Quickstart. I'd expect that help would be provided via some other part of the public website.
* Within the Quickstart, it is super important that the user doesn't fail. If user fails when trying the quickstart, they are likely to get a very bad impression of the project, quit, and go somewhere else.
* If "Help" is included here, then we will need to update our template to include a Help section.

Author: We have logically grouped as suggested and also removed the Help based questions from the guide.

> * What can this software/application do? Purpose of this quickstart

Reviewer: Nitpick: I notice that there is only a full-stop at the end of some of the bullet lists. I suggest going through and updating end-punctuation to be consistent with [the Google Style Guide](https://developers.google.com/style/lists#capitalization-and-end-punctuation).
(Add a full stop.)
Could you please check for other instances of a missing full stop. I shall not comment on  any more I find.
```suggestion
* What can this software/application do? Purpose of this quickstart.
```

Author: Fixed

> * Where can I find the product. It can point to a web address or a download link.

Reviewer: We should be consistent in how we refer to the application. We are using application / software / product. I suggest we use just one, probably "application".

Author: Fixed. We have used application throughout the document.

* How can I get any required access keys or authentication credentials?

> * How can I install/setup this software?

Reviewer: Per comment below, I think installation should be mentioned as optional:
```suggestion
* How can I install/configure this software? (Optional)
```

Author: We have re-formatted the questions and added the following:

- Install (if applicable):
  - How do I download, install, and configure the application?
  - How do I install and configure the application?
  - How can I get any required access keys or authentication credentials?

* How can I configure the product? For a developer-focused product, this usually involves creating a hello world application. For an end-user product, this may mean setting up a corporate or user profile and choosing other preferences.
* How can I get started with the product? This is often a walkthrough of a simple but common use case, that helps the user learn the patterns of the product
* What other options (advanced features) are available to explore more in the product?
* What should I do if something does not work? (Link to troubleshooting guide or any support email ID)

> 

Reviewer: I'd suggest adding something like:

A quickstart is often the first opportunity for your user to build an opinion about the technical quality of your project. Hence, the quickstart should:
* Guarantee success for anyone who follows the quickstart steps.
* Work with any application version the user might use.
* Help the user get excited about the application.

Author: We have added the following considering your suggestion:

A quickstart is often the first opportunity for your user to build an opinion about the technical quality of your project. It can:
- Make users comfortable using the application.
- Work with any application version the user might use.
- Lead to the willingness to handle complex workflows.
- Help the users in exploring additional features.
- Improve customer experience and help to reduce costs by lowering the number of support requests.

> A Quickstart guide is often confused with a Getting Started guide. Though both these documents help the users get acquainted with the product 

Reviewer: As well as the Getting Started guide, I think we should also mention the quickstart gets confused with a marketing feture overview, targetting a business/technical decision maker, (as per: https://ffeathers.wordpress.com/2018/10/08/what-is-a-quickstart-to-you/)
This would lead to another column in the table below.

Author: Fixed. Included another column for Marketing Guide.

they widely differ in their target audience. 

The table below gives quick differences between the two:

> |Quickstart Guide|Getting Started Guide|

Reviewer: Suggestion:
I like this table distinguishing between quickstart audiences and related docs. I think it would work slighly better if there were a left column, which included: Target audience, Content, Focus

Author: Fixed

|----------------|----------------------|
|Domain Experts: Know the problem space and are aware of what they need to do|Beginners:New to problem space and the product|
|Minimal conceptual information|Detailed conceptual information on product/domain|
|Focuses on "how-to"|Focuses on both "how-to" and "why"| 

## Why do I need a Quickstart?
Quickstarts are key to helping your users get started with the product as quickly as possible. 
A good quickstart can improve customer experience and help to reduce costs by lowering the number of support requests. As a result:

> * Make users comfortable using the product

Reviewer: Nitpick: I notice that there is only a full-stop at the end of some of the bullet lists. I suggest going through and updating end-punctuation to be consistent with [the Google Style Guide](https://developers.google.com/style/lists#capitalization-and-end-punctuation).
(Add a full stop.)
This comment applies to the rest of the bullets in this doc as well.
```suggestion
* Make users comfortable using the product.
```

Author: Fixed

* Lead to the willingness to handle complex workflows
* Explore more product features

## Tips for writing a Quickstart

* Highlight the main (hero) feature of your product.
* Document the quickest/easiest way to implement the main (hero) feature  of your product.
* Pick a use case that the user can complete within 5-20 mts with a preference for a shorter time.
* Do not complicate the quickstart by including error scenarios/complex use cases.
* Lengthy quickstarts can overwhelm users. Consider condensing or removing steps or reevaluating the scope of the quickstart.
* For code samples, ensure that you include:  
	- Any required `import` or `using` statements
	- Code comments that explain what the code does

> 

Reviewer: I suggest that the guide should explain the initial metadata sections:
* About the "Document Version"
* About the "Last Updated"
* About the "Application Version"

I drafted some sample text earlier for the base template. (You may be able to improve on that)
https://github.com/thegooddocsproject/templates/blob/dev/base/base-guide.md#last-updated

Author: Fixed. We have included a section in the guide for the metadata fields.

## About the "Overview" section

> Use this section to provide:

Reviewer: The sentence structure flowing from this sentence, and onto the following bullets doesn't flow. (Test: Try reading the start of the sentence, then continue onto each bullet.)
From: [Google's style guide](https://developers.google.com/style/lists#introductory-sentences-for-lists)
> Introduce a list with a complete sentence, not a partial one that's completed by the list items.
```suggestion
Use this section to provide the following:
```

Author: Fixed

> * Short description of your product and its purpose

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A short description of your product and its purpose.
```

Author: Fixed

> * Describe what the user will accomplish in this quickstart

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A description of what the user will accomplish in this quickstart.
```

Author: Fixed

> * Intended audience for this document 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The intended audience for this document.
```

Author: Fixed

> * Basic knowledge that you expect the user to have before using this quickstart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The basic knowledge that you expect the user to have before using this quickstart.
```

Author: Fixed

Defining the audience right in the beginning will help the users identify if the quickstart is relevant for them or if they should continue searching.

> ## About "Before You Begin" section

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## About the "Before You Begin" section
```

Author: Fixed

Use this section to mention any requirements/configuration prerequisites that the user must complete before they start the quickstart. 
For easy understanding, we recommend that you classify the prerequisites into different categories such as software prerequisites, hardware prerequisites, and so on. 

## About the "Installation" section

Use this section to provide:
* Basic instructions/commands to install your product
* Alternatively you can provide a link to the Installation guide
* For common software installation instructions provide links to the upstream docs

> > **Note:**

Reviewer: We have debated whether the Quickstart should include Installation instructions. While I think it is sometimes appropriate to include installation instructions, there are also times when installations should not be included.
I think that we should have a separate Installation Template. Within this Quickstart Guide we should discuss whether to include Installation Instructions:
### Should my quickstart include installation and configuration instructions?
You should consider whether to include instructions within your quickstart.
Reason for having a separate installation and/or configuration guide:
* If the installation and/or configuration is non-trivial.
Reasons for including installation and/or configuration instructions within your quickstart:
* If installation and/or configuration is typically done at the same time, and by the same person running the quickstart.
* ...

Author: Fixed and restructured to accommodate the comment.

## About the "Steps" section

The steps section is where you describe what the user needs to do. How you write your steps will vary depending on your organization's style guide.
This template breaks down the quickstart into **parts**. One part of the quickstart may focus on completing several related steps. 
You're welcome to follow this structure or use the step headings on their own.

**Tips for writing steps in a quickstart**
* Start the heading with a verb and express the step/part headings as a complete thought. For example, you could use the heading **Connect to the VM instance** instead of just **Connect**.   
* For each step, provide some background information about the task so users know what they're about to do and why.
* Remember to orient your users when walking them through each step. If they need to open a particular file or dialog to complete the task, provide that information first.
* Use plain language and define the terminology of any technical term next to it.
* Include just one action in a step.

> **Note:**
> For additional tips on writing steps, see [Writing Procedural Steps](writing-tips.md#writing-procedural-steps) from **The Good Docs Project**.

> 

Reviewer: Describing good steps is probably a significant amout of this guide, and is worth dedicating some more focus to. (These comments are applicable across multiple procedural types, and so maybe should be pulled out into a separate section, as you have done in this Note)
* I think all steps should be numbered, in the form {part}.{step}. Reason: It helps  communication about the steps, such as between student and teacher.
* I like the way you have started talking about the different ways that steps can be framed. I suggest expand on that a bit, and give a few examples, such as using both {Part/Step} or just {Steps}.
* I suggest we should provide example language (probably in the template) of key words to use:
  * Press button (action)
  * Observe (something changed)
  * Show a screenshot of what people will see
* In the quickstart, we don't want to provide a perfect guided path. So we ideally we should tell the user exactly what values to use, rather than leaving it up to the user to select from one of many options.

Author: Fixed.

## About the "Next Steps" section

Use this section to provide links to other tutorials/articles that the users can try after completing the quickstart. 
Consider a logical connect from the current quickstart that can act as a basis for your users’ next learning.  
Optionally you can provide links to relevant resources, like blogs, reference docs, videos, how-tos, and so on under a new heading **See Also**. 

## References

> [What is a quickstart to you?](https://ffeathers.wordpress.com/2018/10/08/what-is-a-quickstart-to-you/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [What is a quickstart to you?](https://ffeathers.wordpress.com/2018/10/08/what-is-a-quickstart-to-you/)
```

Author: Fixed
